John Sabo, second in command, sat bolt upright in his bunk, blinking wide-
eyed at the darkness. The alarm was screaming through the Satellite Station,
its harsh, nerve-jarring clang echoing and re-echoing down the metal
corridors, penetrating every nook and crevice and cubicle of the lonely
outpost, screaming incredibly through the dark sleeping period. Sabo shook
the sleep from his eyes, and then a panic of fear burst into his mind. The
alarm! Tumbling out of his bunk in the darkness, he crashed into the far
bulkhead, staggering giddily in the impossible gravity as he pawed about
for his magnaboots, his heart pounding fiercely in his ears. The alarm!
Impossible, after so long, after these long months of bitter waiting-- In the
corridor he collided with Brownie, looking like a frightened gnome, and he
growled profanity as he raced down the corridor for the Central Control.

Frightened eyes turned to him as he blinked at the bright lights of the room.
The voices rose in a confused, anxious babble, and he shook his head and
swore, and ploughed through them toward the screen. "Kill that damned
alarm!" he roared, blinking as he counted faces. "Somebody get the Skipper
out of his sack, pronto, and stop that clatter! What's the trouble?"

The radioman waved feebly at the view screen, shimmering on the great
side panel. "We just picked it up--"

It was a ship, moving in from beyond Saturn's rings, a huge, gray-black
blob in the silvery screen, moving in toward the Station with ponderous,
clumsy grace, growing larger by the second as it sped toward them. Sabo
felt the fear spill over in his mind, driving out all thought, and he sank into
the control chair like a well-trained automaton. His gray eyes were wide,
trained for long military years to miss nothing; his fingers moved over the
panel with deft skill. "Get the men to stations," he growled, "and will
somebody kindly get the Skipper down here, if he can manage to take a
minute."

"I'm right here." The little graying man was at his elbow, staring at the
screen with angry red eyes. "Who told you to shut off the alarm?"

"Nobody told me. Everyone was here, and it was getting on my nerves."

"What a shame." Captain Loomis' voice was icy. "I give orders on this
Station," he said smoothly, "and you'll remember it." He scowled at the
great gray ship, looming closer and closer. "What's its course?"

"Going to miss us by several thousand kilos at least. Look at that thing! It's
traveling."

"Contact it! This is what we've been waiting for." The captain's voice was
hoarse.

Sabo spun a dial, and cursed. "No luck. Can't get through. It's passing us--"

"Then grapple it, stupid! You want me to wipe your nose, too?"

Sabo's face darkened angrily. With slow precision he set the servo fixes on
the huge gray hulk looming up in the viewer, and then snapped the switches
sharply. Two small servos shoved their blunt noses from the landing port of
the Station, and slipped silently into space alongside. Then, like a pair of
trained dogs, they sped on their beams straight out from the Station toward
the approaching ship. The intruder was dark, moving at tremendous velocity
past the Station, as though unaware of its existence. The servos moved out,
and suddenly diverged and reversed, twisting in long arcs to come alongside
the strange ship, finally moving in at the same velocity on either side. There
was a sharp flash of contact power; then, like a mammoth slow-motion
monster, the ship jerked in midspace and turned a graceful end-for-end arc
as the servo-grapplers gripped it like leeches and whined, glowing ruddy
with the jolting power flowing through them. Sabo watched, hardly
breathing, until the great ship spun and slowed and stopped. Then it
reversed direction, and the servos led it triumphantly back toward the
landing port of the Station.

Sabo glanced at the radioman, a frown creasing his forehead. "Still
nothing?"

"Not a peep."

He stared out at the great ship, feeling a chill of wonder and fear crawl up
his spine. "So this is the mysterious puzzle of Saturn," he muttered. "This is
what we've been waiting for."

There was a curious eager light in Captain Loomis' eyes as he looked up.
"Oh, no. Not this."

"What?"

"Not this. The ships we've seen before were tiny, flat." His little eyes turned
toward the ship, and back to Sabo's heavy face. "This is something else,
something quite different." A smile curved his lips, and he rubbed his hands
together. "We go out for trout and come back with a whale. This ship's from
space, deep space. Not from Saturn. This one's from the stars."

The strange ship hung at the side of the Satellite Station, silent as a tomb,
still gently rotating as the Station slowly spun in its orbit around Saturn.

In the captain's cabin the men shifted restlessly, uneasily facing the eager
eyes of their captain. The old man paced the floor of the cabin, his white
hair mussed, his face red with excitement. Even his carefully calm face
couldn't conceal the eagerness burning in his eyes as he faced the crew.
"Still no contact?" he asked Sparks.

The radioman shook his head anxiously. "Not a sign. I've tried every signal
I know at every wave frequency that could possibly reach them. I've even
tried a dozen frequencies that couldn't possibly reach them, and I haven't
stirred them up a bit. They just aren't answering."

Captain Loomis swung on the group of men. "All right, now, I want you to
get this straight. This is our catch. We don't know what's aboard it, and we
don't know where it came from, but it's our prize. That means not a word
goes back home about it until we've learned all there is to learn. We're going
to get the honors on this one, not some eager Admiral back home--"

The men stirred uneasily, worried eyes seeking Sabo's face in alarm. "What
about the law?" growled Sabo. "The law says everything must be reported
within two hours."

"Then we'll break the law," the captain snapped. "I'm captain of this Station,
and those are your orders. You don't need to worry about the law--I'll see
that you're protected, but this is too big to fumble. This ship is from the
stars. That means it must have an Interstellar drive. You know what that
means. The Government will fall all over itself to reward us--"

Sabo scowled, and the worry deepened in the men's faces. It was hard to
imagine the Government falling all over itself for anybody. They knew too
well how the Government worked. They had heard of the swift trials, the
harsh imprisonments that awaited even the petty infringers. The Military
Government had no time to waste on those who stepped out of line, they
had no mercy to spare. And the men knew that their captain was not in
favor in top Government circles. Crack patrol commanders were not
shunted into remote, lifeless Satellite Stations if their stand in the
Government was high. And deep in their minds, somehow, the men knew
they couldn't trust this little, sharp-eyed, white-haired man. The credit for
such a discovery as this might go to him, yes--but there would be little left
for them.

"The law--" Sabo repeated stubbornly.

"Damn the law! We're stationed out here in this limbo to watch Saturn and
report any activity we see coming from there. There's nothing in our orders
about anything else. There have been ships from there, they think, but not
this ship. The Government has spent billions trying to find an Interstellar,
and never gotten to first base." The captain paused, his eyes narrowing.

"We'll go aboard this ship," he said softly. "We'll find out what's aboard it,
and where it's from, and we'll take its drive. There's been no resistance yet,
but it could be dangerous. We can't assume anything. The boarding party
will report everything they find to me. One of them will have to be a drive
man. That's you, Brownie."

The little man with the sharp black eyes looked up eagerly. "I don't know if
I could tell anything--"

"You can tell more than anyone else here. Nobody else knows space drive.
I'll count on you. If you bring back a good report, perhaps we can cancel out
certain--unfortunate items in your record. But one other should board with
you--" His eyes turned toward John Sabo.

"Not me. This is your goat." The mate's eyes were sullen. "This is gross
breach, and you know it. They'll have you in irons when we get back. I
don't want anything to do with it."

"You're under orders, Sabo. You keep forgetting."

"They're illegal orders, sir!"

"I'll take responsibility for that."

Sabo looked the old man straight in the eye. "You mean you'd sell us down
a rat hole to save your skin. That's what you mean."

Captain Loomis' eyes widened incredulously. Then his face darkened, and
he stepped very close to the big man. "You'll watch your tongue, I think," he
gritted. "Be careful what you say to me, Sabo. Be very careful. Because if
you don't, you'll be in irons, and we'll see just how long you last when you
get back home. Now you've got your orders. You'll board the ship with
Brownie."

The big man's fists were clenched until the knuckles were white. "You don't
know what's over there!" he burst out. "We could be slaughtered."

The captain's smile was unpleasant. "That would be such a pity," he
murmured. "I'd really hate to see it happen--"

The ship hung dark and silent, like a shadowy ghost. No flicker of light
could be seen aboard it; no sound nor faintest sign of life came from the
tall, dark hull plates. It hung there, huge and imponderable, and swung
around with the Station in its silent orbit.

The men huddled about Sabo and Brownie, helping them into their pressure
suits, checking their equipment. They had watched the little scanning
beetles crawl over the surface of the great ship, examining, probing every
nook and crevice, reporting crystals, and metals, and irons, while the
boarding party prepared. And still the radioman waited alertly for a flicker
of life from the solemn giant.

Frightened as they were of their part in the illegal secrecy, the arrival of the
ship had brought a change in the crew, lighting fires of excitement in their
eyes. They moved faster, their voices were lighter, more cheerful. Long
months on the Station had worn on their nerves--out of contact with their
homes, on a mission that was secretly jeered as utter Governmental folly.
Ships had been seen, years before, disappearing into the sullen bright
atmospheric crust of Saturn, but there had been no sign of anything since.
And out there, on the lonely guard Station, nerves had run ragged, always
waiting, always watching, wearing away even the iron discipline of their
military background. They grew bitterly weary of the same faces, the same
routine, the constant repetition of inactivity. And through the months they
had watched with increasing anxiety the conflict growing between the
captain and his bitter, sullen-eyed second-in-command, John Sabo.

And then the ship had come, incredibly, from the depths of space, and the
tensions of loneliness were forgotten in the flurry of activity. The locks
whined and opened as the two men moved out of the Station on the little
propulsion sleds, linked to the Station with light silk guy ropes. Sabo settled
himself on the sled, cursing himself for falling so foolishly into the captain's
